docs: Update README to promote cloud client libraries (#1252)
googleapis/google-api-python-client: README.md

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/google-api-python-client.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/google-api-python-client)

This is the legacy Python client library for Google's discovery based APIs.

> To get started, please see the [docs folder](docs/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, please see the [docs](https://googleapis.github.io/google-api-python-client/docs/).
```

The libraries are considered complete and are in maintenance mode. This means
that we will address critical bugs and security issues but will not add any
new features.

This library is officially supported by Google.  However, the maintainers of
this repository recommend using [Cloud Client Libraries for Python](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python),
where possible, for new code development.

## Version 2.0 Release
The 2.0 release of `google-api-python-client` is a significant upgrade compared

> to v1. Please see the [Migration Guide](UPGRADING.md) for more information.  As

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to v1. Please see the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-python-client/blob/master/UPGRADING.md) for more information.  As
```

a result of caching the discovery documents, the size of this package is at
least 50 MB larger compared to the previous version.

## Documentation

> See the [docs folder](docs/README.md) for more detailed instructions and additional documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [docs](https://googleapis.github.io/google-api-python-client/docs/) for more detailed instructions and additional documentation.
```

## Other Google API libraries

> The maintainers of this repository recommend using

Reviewer: Could you add a link to https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained somewhere in this section?

Author: Done.
